JUDY WOODRUFF: Now to another
in our Brief But Spectacular
series, where we ask interesting
people to describe
their passions.
Tonight, we continue our
week-long theme of hearing from
people with disabilities and
how they deal with the
challenges of everyday life.
Reid Davenport is a
documentarian whose
films focus on people
living with disabilities.
His latest project is
called "Through My Lens."
REID DAVENPORT, Documentarian:
I have cerebral palsy.
I would like people to
see that my diagnosis is
not my biggest obstacle.
My biggest obstacle is people's
responses to my diagnosis.
QUESTION: Do people, do you
find, underestimate you?
REID DAVENPORT: I mean, I
have been underestimated
my whole life.
And when that happens, you
instantly figure out who
not to waste your time with.
The people who gawk at me on
the streets remind me of the
profound ignorance in the world.
And I don't mean to sound
preachy, but it really affects
my life, and, in turn, I'm
sure, affects many other
people with disabilities.
I cannot underestimate how
strong and how prevalent these
stigmas surrounding disability
in the media are.
There needs to be more
filmmakers with disabilities,
so they can experience the
catharsis that I have
been able to experience.
There is still such exclusion
in society, that, for me,
if I am the first person to
bring disability to your
purview, then we have
such a long way to go.
My name is Reid Davenport.
And this is my Brief But
Spectacular take on seeing
the world through my lens.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Reid
Davenport, we owe you a
huge debt of gratitude.
And I hope everyone watching
this segment will share it
with you someone you know.